Paper (#49)
funkyheatmap/funkyheatmap: paper/paper.md

    country: Germany
  - id: tum-ma
    index: 8
    name: Technical University of Munich
    department: Department of Mathematics, School of Computation, Information and Technology
    city: Munich
    country: Germany
  - id: lhi
    index: 9
    name: Institute of Lung Health and Immunity (LHI), Helmholtz Munich, Comprehensive Pneumology Center (CPC-M), Germany; Member of the German Center for Lung Research (DZL)
    city: Munich
    country: Germany
  - id: dbmb
    index: 10
    name: Ghent University
    department: Department of Biomedical Molecular Biology
    city: Ghent
    country: Belgium

engine: knitr
bibliography: paper.bib
---

*: Shared first authors, †: Shared last authors.

# Summary

The `{funkyheatmap}` package offers a flexible and user-friendly solution for visualising data frames containing a mixture of categorical, proportional, and text-based data. It simplifies the creation of informative and visually appealing heatmaps while providing extensive customization options to tailor the output. This tool is especially valuable in research settings for summarising and communicating complex results, such as those encountered in benchmarking studies.

> The package is available on [CRAN](https://cran.r-project.org/package=funkyheatmap) and [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/funkyheatmappy/) and has a JavaScript port in development. For detailed examples and vignettes, visit the project website [funkyheatmap.github.io](https://funkyheatmap.github.io).

Reviewer: I guess that technically speaking the project website no longer offers detailed examples and vignettes but a showcase of examples and an overview of the different implementations. WDYT?

```suggestion
The package is available on [CRAN](https://cran.r-project.org/package=funkyheatmap) and [PyPI](https://pypi.org/project/funkyheatmappy/) and has a JavaScript port in development. For a showcase of examples and an overview of the different implementations, visit the project website [funkyheatmap.github.io](https://funkyheatmap.github.io).
```
